Extends Units module (#2387)
DFHack/dfhack: docs/Lua API.rst

Units module
------------

> * ``dfhack.units.isUnitInBox(unit,x1,y1,z1,x2,y2,z2)``

Reviewer: getUnitsInBox also needs documenting, I think

Author: It is, ctrl+f
I put all the is* functions at the top. I think get in box is the first one under

* ``dfhack.units.isAlive(unit)``

  The unit isn't dead or undead.

* ``dfhack.units.isDead(unit)``

  The unit is completely dead and passive, or a ghost. Equivalent to
  ``dfhack.units.isKilled(unit) or dfhack.units.isGhost(unit)``.

* ``dfhack.units.isKilled(unit)``

  The unit has been killed.

* ``dfhack.units.isSane(unit)``

  The unit is capable of rational action, i.e. not dead, insane, zombie, or active werewolf.

* ``dfhack.units.isCrazed``

  The unit is berserk and will attack all other creatures except members of its own species
  that are also crazed. (can be modified by curses)

* ``dfhack.units.isGhost(unit)``

  The unit is a ghost.

* ``dfhack.units.isHidden(unit)``

  The unit is hidden to the player, accounting for sneaking. Works for any game mode.

* ``dfhack.units.isHidingCurse(unit)``

  The unit is hiding a curse.

* ``dfhack.units.isMale(unit)``

  The unit is male.

* ``dfhack.units.isFemale(unit)``

  The unit is female.

* ``dfhack.units.isBaby(unit)``

  The unit is a baby.

* ``dfhack.units.isChild(unit)``

  The unit is a child.

* ``dfhack.units.isAdult(unit)``

  The unit is an adult.

* ``dfhack.units.isGay(unit)``

>   The unit is gay.

Author: Maybe a lot of these could just drop the description part of the equation.. Most of these are pretty self-explanatory via their function names

Reviewer: yeah, feel free to group these simple functions with a common generic description string (e.g. "Checks simple attributes of the unit")

> * ``dfhack.units.isNake(unit)``

Author: ```suggestion
* ``dfhack.units.isNaked(unit)``
```

  The unit is naked.

* ``dfhack.units.isVisiting(unit)``

  The unit is visiting. eg. Merchants, Diplomatics, travelers.

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer: unless these extra lines (here an elsewhere in this PR) are here for readability, I'd say get rid of them to keep the document consistent

Author: They are there for readability, they can parsed out. But they match the header's spacing

  The unit is of the correct race of the fortress.

* ``dfhack.units.isCitizen(unit[,ignore_sanity])``

  The unit is an alive sane citizen of the fortress; wraps the

>   same checks the game uses to decide game-over by extinction
>   (except for the sanity check).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  same checks the game uses to decide game-over by extinction.
  You can identify citizens, regardless of their sanity, by passing ``true``
  as the optional second parameter.
```

Author: Why drop the information about the sanity check? Shouldn't they know? Especially if the doc makes a point of talking about the closeness to the game's check

Reviewer: What did I drop? I thought I just reworded the (except for the sanity check) to make it clearer that you could choose to deviate from the default behavior by passing an optional parameter.

Author: It just says it is the same as the game's now. The sanity stuff is an entirely separate statement that can't be inferred as related to the game's default behaviour.

Reviewer: I thought the game's default behavior was to not count insane dwarves for the purposes of game over. This flag allows you to modify the default behavior so you can count insane dwarves as citizens

Author: According to the function comments, this isn't the case. The game considers the insane to be citizens. It explicitly mentioned it, which is why I did.

Author: ```
    // Copied from the conditions used to decide game over,
    // except that the game appears to let melancholy/raving
    // dwarves count as citizens.
```

Author: though, maybe the berserk/crazed check (part of isSane) is part of the game's check??

* ``dfhack.units.isInvader(unit)``

  The unit is an active invader or marauder.

* ``dfhack.units.isVisiting(unit)``

  The unit is either a merchant, diplomat, or plain visitor.

* ``dfhack.units.isVisitor(unit)``

  The unit is strictly a visitor. Merchants and diplomats do not count here.

* ``dfhack.units.isUndead(unit[,include_vamps])``

>   The unit is undead, but not a vampire.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The unit is undead. Pass ``true`` as the optional second parameter to
  count vampires as undead.
```
